In the last lecture we added our first side effect off sign up and then note it can be hard to grasp
the idea behind effects.
In the end it's like a reducer but a reduced way you don't change to state where you want to do other
things instead.
So here's your challenge.
Right.
And hook up your own side effect for signing in.
It's pretty similar to this one.
You can have a look at the off service to see which code we execute and the sign and user method here.
And with that you should have all you need so good luck with that.
If you're facing any issues of course we'll solve that together in a couple of seconds where you can
now post a video and try it on your own.
So where are you successful.
Let's add our own new effect for signing in.
That is right below the off sign up and I'll name it of sign in our ad at effect without the dispatch
option.
But with parentheses because here I want to dispatch Naqshbandi and so boneset dispatched to fault's
now OFF-SIDE in again starts with checking directions here.
So these actions and check of typed to see if it is often Speth a special type.
We need to create that action type.
First of all so any off actions file.
I'll add a new action on store a unique identifier and a new constant which I named try.
Sign in sign like that.
Whoops.
Try sign in like that.
With that I'll also copy my try to sign up class here and rename it to try sign in change the unique
identifier to try sign in but leave the payload as it is because we need the username and password for
signing into all attitude is export the list here at the bottom though.
Try sign.
Sign in with that we trade in you action.
Let's go back to defects and see if that occurs with all actions.
Try to sign in use the is constant here because we're looking for the string.
So now let's change some operators and I can actually copy the setup here from off Sign-Up because a
lot is the same I'll copy it here.
First of all I want to map my action and retrieve the payload.
Then I want to send the request to firebase but not to create user but to sign in with email and password.
The arguments still are username which is email and password though.
Then we switch map again and get the token and then we merge map to admit.
Well in this case sign in and set a token then that actually is already everything we need.
Well the remaining thing is to hook it up and you sign in component.
So there I will no longer inject the off service but instead the store.
And you saw that before type store.
Make sure to add the import from an energy drinks store and copy the imports from the sign up component
because it's exactly the same I need here for one I need to set the state of my application state by
accessing from app App State.
And then here I want to dispatch this.
So I will say this store site is store dispatch and now new of actions sign up like this and pass an
object to it where I say username is the email and password is.
Well the password.
So that's it.
With that we are dispatching those action.
We should dispatch sign in action here though.
And that should work.
It's true isn't it and of course Sorriso try assigning it with username and password.
And with that now if it's safe this should already be everything we need.
Let's try this out.
If we log in here like that you see this changes.
We're not getting redirected anymore though.
And for a good reason we'll come back to this in a second.
But if we actually delete something here let's see if the token was set and so on let's fetch data seems
to work.
So why weren't we redirected.
Because we're not routing and our off effects we're just.
Well returning a new action in the end here in the off service though we also did navigate well that's
super Super-AIDS to change.
Try it on your own.
We'll do it together in the next lecture.